Simplify membership functions in our demonstration fcl files (#69)
AI4WORK-Project/sliding-work-sharing: README.md

- `timeTheRobotIsAlreadyMoving`: The time that the robot is already moving, measured in minutes (0-15 minutes); a higher
  time may indicate that the robot is blocked
- `robotBatteryStatus`: The battery status of the robot, measured in percent (0%-100%)

> - `areHumansInTheRoom`: Whether the human are currently available in the room (1 = yes, 0 = no)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `areHumansInTheRoom`: Whether any humans are currently in the room (1 = yes, 0 = no)
```

  "decisionStatus": "Sliding Decision Response",
  "slidingDecisionOutputParameters": {
    "suggestedApproach": {

>       "slidingDecision": "informHumanAboutSituation",

Reviewer: Just to understand: is this change due to the simplified modelling of membership functions? On first glance this should not change the result, but maybe it is because of the Singleton approach for defuzzification?

Reviewer: My impression is that our previous approach, i.e.  
- first get membership values for all terms
- then select the term for which membership is max
does not really work for the singleton approach, because the defuzzification step already does a similar thing by selecting an integer value (except for the described rounding issue), so membership values will either be 0 or 1.

That being said, the introduced `Math.round` fixes this situation, but it could lead to distorted results in case of non-singleton COG defuzzification. To be discussed if non-singleton/COG is actually required for implementation of our SWS concept.

Author: That is true that using the `Math.round` will break the non-singleton/COG. In the commit https://github.com/AI4WORK-Project/sliding-work-sharing/pull/69/changes/a4cddc4e5e1cd12eb7b4c82bf6673b3ed54ad9f2 the support for both COG and COGS added and works for both discrete (COGS) and continuous defuzzification (COG).

For discrete outputs, such as COGS with singleton terms, it directly reads the activation degree of the singleton from the discrete defuzzifier.

For continuous outputs, such as normal COG, it keeps the existing behavior: it takes the final defuzzified value and checks which value belongs to the current membership function.

`Math.round()` is not used because for singleton outputs, rounding is also not needed because we can directly read the activation degree of the singleton instead of trying to match the defuzzified value back to the singleton position. This also avoids floating-point issues such as `3.0000000000000004` instead of exactly `3.0`.

```json
{
  "outputVariables": {
    "suggestedApproach": {
      "value": 1.0,

>       "membershipValues": {

Reviewer: General comment: the term `membershipValues` may be considered misleading here, because to my understanding this is the value _after_ defuzzification, so it will always be `1`. But this should be a follow-up discussion, not relevant for this PR.
